README.md, before:

# Hi from Amber 😊

Amber is a thoroughly-modern real-time simulation engine.

What does that mean?

1. Amber is easy to get along with:<br>
  _Modern tools and technologies like [Bun](https://bun.sh/), [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), [AssemblyScript](https://www.assemblyscript.org/), [WebAssembly](https://webassembly.org/), [SIMD](https://github.com/WebAssembly/simd), and [WebGPU](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebGPU_API) enable Amber to be simple to use & work with while also being incredibly efficient_
1. Amber is smol:<br>
  _A long-standing axiom in development is "Smaller things are easier to understand, change, and fix"; Amber follows this axiom by using lots of little pieces, each focused on doing a single thing, to construction nuanced behavior_
1. Amber has strong opinions:<br>
  _"Simple" and "flexible" are, often, antithetical; whenever this is the case, Amber simplifies things for you and I by making an opinionated decision - meaning that there absolutely is an "Amber's Way"_

# Amber's Parts

* **[Athenaeum](./src/lib/Athenaeum):** A colleciton of super-useful things.
* **[Benzaiten](./src/lib/Benzaiten):** Generates procedural meshes.
* **[Eunomia](./src/lib/Eunomia):** Just a little thing that keeps the engine in good running order.
* **[Finesse](./src/lib/Finesse):** Flexible, sensible, shockingly-adept input handling.
* **[Kali](./src/lib/Kali):** A tiny tool that makes scaling time in the engine as easy as a single method call.
* **[Legion](./src/lib/Legion):** An implementation of the [ECS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Entity_component_system) design pattern.
* **[Sunya](./Sunya)** A library of helpful mathmatical functions for 3D data structures.
* **Strata:** UI tooling. It's all of Amber's buttons, switches, dialogs, and stuff.
* **[Xenon](./src/lib/Xenon):** A blisteringly-fast, elegant rendering engine.
* **[Yggdrasil](./src/lib/Yggdrasil):** Manages all the FidelityTrees; ensuring the engine is always running at peak perfomance, while hitting the [frame rate](https://www.ign.com/articles/2014/11/05/understanding-frame-rate-and-its-importance) target you specify.

# Goals

* **Simplicity:** Using the various pieces of Amber should be straightforward and require very little upfront work.
* **Composability:** Amber's pieces should be organized such that using them together is unambiguous and intuitive.
* **Efficiency:** Amber strives to make the best use of available resources; including our time as developers/designers.

It's important to note that flexibility is _not_ one of Amber's goals.

As an example, Xenon _only_ renders indexed/instanced geometry. There are absolutely uses cases for Xenon rendering non-indexed/non-instanced geometry. Implementing support for all four rendering options (_non-indexed/non-instanced, indexed/non-instanced, indexed/instanced, and non-indexed/instanced_) would require significantly more time & effort. Only supporting two or three options would beg the question "Why not support ____?"

Settling on a single rendering option also makes many other decisions much simpler. For example:

Question: "How are complex meshes constructed?"<br>
Answer: "As one or more instances of smaller, simpler, meshes"

An example of such a complex mesh might be a tree; instead of having a single mesh for the tree, it would be built from many meshes - for parts of the trunk, sections of branches, and leaves. A dozen or so relatively simple meshes, when combined, would produce a varied collection of trees. This lessens the cognitive load imposed by working on tree design since all one needs to think about is designing a single branch, leaf, or trunk section at a time; how the pieces fit together is a separate problem. Displaying a single tree, or a vast forest, this way is also extremely efficient from a rendering and memory perspective.

Commit message:

Update project readme
Removed verbiage about rendering as that's no longer applicable.

Added verbiage detailing the logic behind flexibility not being a focus in Amber's design.

README.md, after:

# Hi from Amber 😊

Amber is a thoroughly-modern real-time simulation engine.

What does that mean?

1. Amber is easy to get along with:<br>
  _Modern tools and technologies like [Bun](https://bun.sh/), [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), [AssemblyScript](https://www.assemblyscript.org/), [WebAssembly](https://webassembly.org/), [SIMD](https://github.com/WebAssembly/simd), and [WebGPU](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebGPU_API) enable Amber to be simple to use & work with while also being incredibly efficient_
1. Amber is smol:<br>
  _A long-standing axiom in development is "Smaller things are easier to understand, change, and fix"; Amber follows this axiom by using lots of little pieces, each focused on doing a single thing, to construction nuanced behavior_
1. Amber has strong opinions:<br>
  _"Simple" and "flexible" are, often, antithetical; whenever this is the case, Amber simplifies things for you and I by making an opinionated decision - meaning that there absolutely is an "Amber's Way"_

# Amber's Parts

* **[Athenaeum](./src/lib/Athenaeum):** A colleciton of super-useful things.
* **[Benzaiten](./src/lib/Benzaiten):** Generates procedural meshes.
* **[Eunomia](./src/lib/Eunomia):** Just a little thing that keeps the engine in good running order.
* **[Finesse](./src/lib/Finesse):** Flexible, sensible, shockingly-adept input handling.
* **[Kali](./src/lib/Kali):** A tiny tool that makes scaling time in the engine as easy as a single method call.
* **[Legion](./src/lib/Legion):** An implementation of the [ECS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Entity_component_system) design pattern.
* **[Sunya](./Sunya)** A library of helpful mathmatical functions for 3D data structures.
* **Strata:** UI tooling. It's all of Amber's buttons, switches, dialogs, and stuff.
* **[Xenon](./src/lib/Xenon):** A blisteringly-fast, elegant rendering engine.
* **[Yggdrasil](./src/lib/Yggdrasil):** Manages all the FidelityTrees; ensuring the engine is always running at peak perfomance, while hitting the [frame rate](https://www.ign.com/articles/2014/11/05/understanding-frame-rate-and-its-importance) target you specify.

# Goals

* **Simplicity:** Using the various pieces of Amber should be straightforward and require very little upfront work.
* **Composability:** Amber's pieces should be organized such that using them together is unambiguous and intuitive.
* **Efficiency:** Amber strives to make the best use of available resources; including our time as developers/designers.

It's important to note that flexibility is _not_ one of Amber's goals. Amber is not intended to render 2D graphics, for example. It is also not designed or intended to load static 3D assets generated in external tools. I understand this will be frustrating and feels limiting. Amber is intended to generate and simulate things. It is also intended to be entirely self-contained.
